welcome to the SR lounge Canon lens Wars
bokeh showdown now in this video we're
taking the seven most bocal Isha's prime
lenses from the sr lounge Canon lens
Wars series and we're going to show you
which lens is the most incredibly creamy
bokeh licious of the ball
for those that are new to the SR lounge
Canon lens or series be sure to check
out the entire series on SR lounge calm
we basically compare and choose our
favorite lenses at each popular focal
length now for the bokeh showdown we've
selected the seven most bokeh doubt
lenses in the Canon lens war comparisons
which are the 24 1.4 the 35 1.4 the 51
point to the 85 1.2 the 100 f/2 and we
selected this over the L lens the 100
millimeter f28 L macro just because this
create a bit more bokeh and that's what
this is all about the 200 f/2 and the
300 f28 like all of our tests we're
comparing our images visually on a 27
inch 3k resolution display with the
images fit to full screen what matters
here is that we have bokeh we can
actually see without actually having to
zoom in because after all we want bokeh
that we can see not the ones we have to
go side by side real to see differences
so let's begin let's flip through some
of our candidates first we have our
delightful wide-angle stubby double
princess the 24 1.4 l now at a w-a or
wide open aperture of 1.4 this book
Alicia's lens has a delightful amount of
soft and creamy bokeh especially for a
wide-angle lens
however it is noticeably a bit soft
around our area focus our model and we
have quite a bit of got kind of
dreaminess and haze when shooting wide
open still though it is a very usable
image even when wide open next we have
the 35 1.4 l now for a semi wide angle
it has still some pretty delicious book
now it has more bookin than the 24 1.4
and it's also noticeably sharper one
shot wide open we don't have any of that
same kind of dreamy haze as we did on
the 24 millimeter one shot wide open
alright next in line we have the 50
milliliter 1.2 mm that's what my
favorite lenses has a delicious amount
of bokeh although it does look a bit
softened dreamy kind of like the 24 as
well but still quite usable at a wide
open aperture of f12 now with its
additional compression from the extra
focal length as well as a wider aperture
it is a bit more creamy and delicious
than I would say the 35 millimeter
alright next in our lineup we have the
85 1/2 I think this is the book of God
alright the 85 1/2 has about the same
amount of bokeh as the 50 but with the
additional lens compression the
background elements are pulled forward a
bit and they fall out of focus a little
bit quicker
making the background or the book in the
background look even stronger but it's
also noticeably sharper as well when
wide open over the 50 million 1.2 now it
does have a bit of that dreamy softness
but is still pretty awesome when shot
wide open alright so next we have the
100 meter f/2 and this is the only non L
lens in the lineup but again it creates
more bokeh than the 2.8 macro so it does
create a beautiful amount of bokeh f2
and with the 100 meter focal length it
has a really nice look with that extra
compression it's also very sharp one
wide open but it does have noticeably
less bokeh than b85 1.2 so we do have a
leader here alright so next up we have
the 200 million f2 and this this is like
the the mini monster compared to the the
big monster alright this monster has
amazing compression in a solid amount of
bokeh plus it's absolutely tack sharp
with none of that soft creaminess or
haze whatsoever even when viewing full
screen you can see it it's absolutely
perfect gorgeous images come out of this
lens finally we have the 300 f28 all
right this is the 200 millimetres big
brother and while it has a little bit
less bokeh than the 200 f2 is still
quite solid it's absolutely tack sharp
and notice we so when viewed fullscreen
absolutely flawless also when it comes
to image quality okay so which of these
lenses has the most Oberle creamy
bouquet
all right I would say somewhere between
the 51.2 and the 85 1/2 and between
these two I'd probably go with the 85
1/2 simply because when wide open it's a
bit sharper than the 50 millimeter it
doesn't have that kind of same dreamy
hazy look when wide open as the 50 as
well now with the 85mm your focal length
we also get a little bit of additional
lens compression that pulls the
background forward a bit more and ends
up creating kind of a stronger look to
the bouquet but I actually have three
favorite lenses among all these beaucoup
de bit boat lenses now for a semi
wide-angle lens I would go with out of
35 1/4 or with the 50 1/2 and the 50 is
not necessarily a wide angle or you
really send you wide but it does have a
wider field of view now personally I do
prefer the 51 too but if you're thinking
about getting say the 85 1/2 then you
might be better off going with a 35 1/4
that way you have a little bit more
variance in your focal length across
your primes
either way the 35 and the 50 are very
close and focal lengths and then the
overall look so I would choose between
them and since I mainly shoot portraits
I have the 50 Miller lens because it
gives me a bit better
extreme low-light performance and also
the focal length is just a bit more
conducive to portraiture because we get
less kind of the distortion that you get
on a wider angle lens but both are
beautiful lenses now probably my
favorite of the uber locate primes that
sounds funny uber boogie uber Broca
primes is the 85 one - it's very sharp
when shooting wide open its focal length
and flexibility in the aperture make it
one of the best portrait lenses really
ever made in my opinion in fact it's one
of my top 3 go to portrait lenses
finally if you can afford it the 200
millimeter f/2 gives you this telephoto
compression with amazing low lie this
wide open aperture that creates a
incredible look this focus that it got
f/2 and 200 millimeter focal length
that's really is unmatched by any other
lens now the look is different I
wouldn't say it has as much Boca as the
say 85 1 2 but it has a completely
different look with that lens
compression but it does come at a pretty
hefty cost we're looking at like $6,000
for this lens so that's why I say if
it's in the budget this is an amazing
lens it will create a really unique look
and it comes in handy in telephoto
situations where you need low-light
ability these three lenses are my top
favorites because they all create a very
unique aesthetic that's significantly
different from our professional series
zoom lenses at the same focal lengths
I've also found these 3 Prime's they be
kind of the most versatile in different
situations for example the 24 1/4 is a
beautiful prime lens it's wonderful and
extremely low light but based on the way
that I shoot I'm generally not looking
to create a lot of Boquete with wide
angle shots typically when I shoot a
wide-angle image I'm carefully choosing
my composition because we have a lot of
things in the frame and I'm going for
sharpness
so the 2470 f28 mark ii takes care of
that roll for me while it does offer
also a little bit of bokeh performance
when shot wide open at f28 if I were to
need it the hundred million or f/2 it's
nice but the 85 millimeter does a better
job with the bokeh it creates a higher
quality image and if I need that focal
length I can use the macro which serves
again a different purpose in my toolkit
because I use it for macro photography
or I can also use the 7200 f28 mark to
the 300 f28 is a beautiful lens but
again generally I don't need that
extreme of zoom with that level of
low-light performance and it is a very
specialized lens and if you're taking
portraits or something you get this 10
so incredibly far back to get them in
the frame
it's a little bit just too much whereas
the 200 f2 I can actually take it out on
say an engagement session or portrait
session and I can actually find uses to
really just narrow down the background
to compress everything and create that
beautiful look in this lens so that's it
for the bokeh showdown
be sure to click the link below the
video in the description to check out
the actual article on SR lounge where
you can check out additional example
images get more information and find
links on where you can purchase each of
the products mention this video my name
is pi and i'll see you all in the next
video
you